hey guys what's up I'm here to let you
know about a job opportunity in the same
small city in southwestern China where I
currently live myself is the beautiful
fascinating part of the world and I'm
very happy new about someone or possibly
two people to try to take up this
opportunity I wouldn't say that about
chain my time and I wouldn't say that
about any of the major cities in Taiwan
sometimes a terrible place to live with
you in so many ways if you're highly
motivated those can be rewarding places
to live and work but I live in the
capital of the Hong Eun and China
fascinating beautiful part of the world
we grow mangoes on the street literally
jack fruit trees everywhere it's a
beautiful setting it's also genuinely
unpretentiously multicultural you have
an opportunity here to learn Chinese as
a language but also work on a language
like Burmese lotion tie any of the
adjacent mainstream languages and there
are also several indigenous ethnic
minority languages and if you know what
to look for you actually see a lot of
signs of that real cultural diversity
within the city you do have to look
carefully we have the gene pool we have
the arch on we have the the dye
themselves at the Hong die the quite a
variety of cultures here all living
together on the edge of Southeast Asia
if you were to stay here and work here
and what you want to do is tourism then
you're in a great location to either
explore all of China as tourists or to
head down to Myanmar Thailand Laos
Cambodia explore Southeast Asia from
here it's a great location in so many
ways we have a saying in Chinese
especially used herein you name the
mountains are high and the Emperor is
far away the mountain can be
breathtakingly beautiful but transport
by bus is some of it takes a lot longer
than you think it will so just getting
from here to Jing Hong I think it's a 20
hour bus trip maybe 24 so you'll
probably fly by airplane and not by bus
because these are almost impassable
mountains of course you can you can even
go from here to Tibet where the
mountains get steeper and steeper as you
go right with all that haven't been said
what I've seen this video is of
at the boss I've met the head of the
department hiring for this job it's
actually a university department of
medical sciences so all the students
would be studying to become doctors
nurses that sort of thing and the
curriculum you'd be teaching I think you
would be for the most part making up
your own curriculum that's what I do you
know I think you would be working with
the fact that these students are all
motivated to learn vocabulary linked to
medical sciences so you can imagine what
that is as a teacher maybe you're going
to do a whole lesson on overdosing on
aspirin now you're going to teach them
the word dose the verb overdose and
we're going to talk about those issues
and I think if you can do that if you
can create a lesson plan that appeals to
their common interests then you can have
highly motivated highly professional
students however they are medical
science students they're not English
literature students so you can think
about that a little bit this job will be
open theory to anyone with a bachelor's
degree I am NOT a recruiter I am not
making any money out of this I'm doing
this as a midst of doing this out of the
goodness of my heart after meeting with
the head of the department I've read the
contract I visited the apartment that
you'd be provided for free if you want
to of course you can write your own
apartment off campus but you you are
provided with an apartment for free by
the employer I'm aware of all those
details so I think I'm in a very good
position to talk through with somebody
who might be interested in this job the
advantages and disadvantages of the type
of work it actually does pay more than
the job I've got I work at a different
University in the same city however it
is also more work so maybe someone on
patreon maybe someone knows me to
youtube will get in touch the fringe
benefit here is if you don't already
speak Chinese that's fine you don't need
to speak Chinese for this job I can talk
to the details of that now that would
work the University says they provide
you with an assistant and then maybe
that assistant can help you both with
practical things in daily life they can
go with you and translate in Chinese
when you're first getting your mobile
phone to work here and that kind of
thing dealing with some of those
technical deals when you first go to the
police station to register that your
resident here and that kind of thing so
they say they provided assistant maybe
that assistant can also help you in the
classroom to some extent
for something like explaining an
assignment or individual eating and exam
it is real university level instruction
however the challenge is considerable
and obviously this much rewarding if you
either want to learn Chinese of the
language or some other Asian language
have already listed them or if you have
some kind of special interest in Asia
however I am a vegan and I'm reaching
out to other vegans this way and
obviously the other advantages you
already know someone he's gotten used to
living here for several months someone
who was vegan someone who could talk you
through the job and someone who can
provide you with orientation to some
extent once you get here so if you're
the rest of the job hit me up I also
have to mention they had said repeatedly
but what they really wanted to have two
foreign English professors in the
University long-term so if you were a
husband and wife couple or a
boyfriend/girlfriend couple or what have
you I think it is possible you could
talk to them I don't know if they wanted
that in the very first semester but it's
certainly possible they could hire two
people in tandem running the game so I'm
also interesting this because currently
i'm the only vegan i know human dehong
china it would be great if I could have
one or two more vegan living in a safe
city would be a China you know goes
through the same struggles hey we'd have
to start of a vegan community in this
obscure of a beautiful part of China
give me up